Architecture and results (#20)
YetAnotherSpieskowcy/Carcassonne-Documentation: sections/experiment.tex

\section{Experiment design}
This research aims to answer the following question:
What level of play does the agent based on reinforcement learning achieve compared to random and greedy players?
The team hypothesis was that the agent based on reinforcement learning will be 
able to achieve better results than an agent using naive tree search algorithms 

> both against human and computer random players. The criterion of success was 
> be measured as an average points scored by an agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
both against human and computer random players. The criterion of success was 
measured as an average points scored by the agent.
```

During the research, the team conducted a series of simulations and real-time experiments. 

> The first method will be used to run games between computer agents, while the second 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first method was used to run games between computer agents, while the second 
```

> - between the agent and human players.  All of the games are stored as logs 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- between the agent and human players.  All of the games were stored as logs 
```
